Update instructions for building runtime repo (#58172)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/contributing/Building, Debugging, and Testing on Windows.md

### Testing on the [dotnet/runtime](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime) repo

> 1. make sure that you can build the `runtime` repo as baseline (run `build.cmd clr+libs+libs.tests`, which should be sufficient to build all C# code, installing any prerequisites if prompted to. There's documentation on prerequisites on the runtime repo homepage. You may need to do `git clean -xdf` and `build.cmd -restore` before you can build successfully)

Reviewer: >clr [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=79&length=3)

`build clr` probably requires C++. Consider omitting `clr`, or mention that `clr` could be included if C++ is available.

> 1. make sure that you can build the `runtime` repo as baseline (run `build.cmd clr+libs+libs.tests`, which should be sufficient to build all C# code, installing any prerequisites if prompted to. There's documentation on prerequisites on the runtime repo homepage. You may need to do `git clean -xdf` and `build.cmd -restore` before you can build successfully)

Reviewer: >to. There's [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=191&length=11)

Perhaps "... to - there's ..." instead if each bullet is not a complete sentence.

> 1. make sure that you can build the `runtime` repo as baseline (run `build.cmd clr+libs+libs.tests`, which should be sufficient to build all C# code, installing any prerequisites if prompted to. There's documentation on prerequisites on the runtime repo homepage. You may need to do `git clean -xdf` and `build.cmd -restore` before you can build successfully)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. make sure that you can build the `runtime` repo as baseline (run `build.cmd libs+libs.tests`, which should be sufficient to build all C# code, installing any prerequisites if prompted to, and perhaps `git clean -xdf` and `build.cmd -restore` initially - see [runtime repo documentation](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/docs/workflow/README.md) for specific prerequisites and build instructions)
```

> 1. make sure that you can build the `runtime` repo as baseline (run `build.cmd libs+libs.tests`, which should be sufficient to build all C# code, installing any prerequisites if prompted to, and perhaps `git clean -xdf` and `build.cmd -restore` initially - see [runtime repo documentation](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/docs/workflow/README.md) for specific prerequisites and build instructionsy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. make sure that you can build the `runtime` repo as baseline (run `build.cmd libs+libs.tests`, which should be sufficient to build all C# code, installing any prerequisites if prompted to, and perhaps `git clean -xdf` and `build.cmd -restore` initially - see [runtime repo documentation](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/docs/workflow/README.md) for specific prerequisites and build instructions)
```
